doc: suggest to use pip for CUDA first (#5054)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/guides/gpu-inference.rst

        - torch
        - tensorflow[and-cuda]

If you want to customize the installation of CUDA driver and libraries, use ``system_packages``, ``setup_script``, or ``base_image`` options under the :ref:`docker-configuration` field.

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        - torch
        - tensorflow[and-cuda]

> If you know what you are doing and want to customize the installation of CUDA driver and libraries via ``system_packages``, ``setup_script``, or ``base_image`` options under the :ref:`docker-configuration` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to customize the installation of CUDA driver and libraries, use ``system_packages``, ``setup_script``, or ``base_image`` options under the :ref:`docker-configuration` field.
```

(Deprecated) If your Bento is using GPUs during deployment, configure its required CUDA version in the ``docker`` field of ``bentofile.yaml``. BentoML will install the corresponding version in the Docker image created. An example:

.. code-block:: yaml

    service: "service:GPUSVC"
    labels:
      owner: bentoml-team
      stage: demo
    include:
    - "*.py"
    python:
      requirements_txt: "./requirements.txt"
    docker:

>       python_version: "3.11.7"

Reviewer: No config here is about GPU specifically, right? My understanding is that we don't want to use `cuda_version`. Maybe we can just remove these lines and let people [see the doc](https://docs.bentoml.com/en/latest/guides/build-options.html#docker-options-table) here.

Author: sure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
